Your Majesty, the Empress Dowager mentioned that he is busy with state affairs.
She has destroyed the Yangxin Palace.
I understand, but Wang Momo has arrived.
Wang Momo? Yes.
Please invite him in quickly.
Wang Momo, please come in.
This old servant sends greetings to the Empress.
I apologize for any offense.
I hope the Empress will be understanding.
Momo, you are too kind.
What brings you here this time?
This old servant understands.
The Empress has recently had a disagreement with the Empress Dowager.
But I have followed the Empress Dowager for over 30 years.
The Empress Dowager is kind-hearted
and wise.
Momo, just speak frankly.
Although there are some misunderstandings between the Empress and the Empress Dowager,
the Empress Dowager is
more deserving of admiration and respect in my heart.
Since the incident with Lady Lin,
I am well aware
of your virtuous qualities and abilities, Empress.
You are clear-headed and capable.
This old servant
sincerely asks for your help.
What exactly happened with the Empress Dowager?
This old servant would like to request the Empress’s help to investigate in secret.
Lady De?
Isn't she the Empress Dowager’s niece?
Although Lady De is the Empress Dowager’s niece,
the Empress Dowager only appointed her
because she feared that you might dominate the harem.
It was not with the intention of making her Empress.
Indeed,
in the past, the Empress Dowager never supported the Song family.
She was truly focused on Qin Qi.
Moreover, the Empress Dowager had specifically instructed Lady De
not to interfere with the harem’s affairs.
However,
now Lady De’s actions increasingly go against the Empress Dowager’s original intentions.
What’s strange is
that the Empress Dowager has now suddenly changed her stance
and wants to make Lady De Empress.
The Empress Dowager is always careful and discreet.
She would never be so muddled.
If Lady De is made Empress,
the Empress Dowager and Your Majesty will surely become estranged.
This matter
is likely not as simple as it seems.